discourse migration (#1918)
theforeman/foreman-infra: docs/discourse.md

#### restarting

```console
$ cd /var/discourse ; sudo ./launcher restart app
```

If for some reason the Discourse WebUI upgrade process fails, it will direct you to do a CLI upgrade, which is usually `./launcher rebuild app` but on-screen notes are usually provided.

## Backup and Restore

### Backup

Discourse itself performs a backup daily (see Admin > Backups).
These backups are then transferred to our normal backup infrastructure.
They contain all the content for Discourse itself (database, files).

### Restore

Backups can be restored by setting up a new Discourse instance, copying the tarball to the backups folder, and then restoring from within the UI or console.
Note you have to enable Restore from the Settings UI or console.

#### Restore via console

1. Create a fresh machine with the `discourse` Puppet module applied to it.

>    Make sure `community.theforeman.org` already points to that system or override `$hostname` in Puppet to make LE and friends work correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Make sure `community.theforeman.org` already points to that system or override `$hostname` in Puppet to make Let's Encrypt and friends work correctly.
```
